What is devops? It is a culture that improve the organizational’s ability to deliver their application. Devops is a process of increasing the ability to deliver your applications in the
	-Improve the delivery
	-improve the automation
	-improve the quality of the application & testing
	-monitor the product

it is a process of improving the application delivery quicker by ensuring that there is a proper automation, proper quality is in place, proper continuous monitoring and a continuous testing.
For example if an application is deliver in 2 weeks as devops engineer, you have reduce that to 1 week or couple day by ensuring that you have automation, quality continuous monitoring and testing in place.

as devops engineer I have the capacity to adapt myself to a new tools
In the past I am coming from system admin to system engineer and couple years from now I have transitioned devops engineer. I was very passionate learning about those tools and it was not very difficult for me the fact that I was used to them as a system engineer such as automated system configuration, system infrastructure. In current organization I take care of automation. I ensure that quality is maintain for the application, I ensured that I have setup continuous monitoring and I have automated testing process into devops lifecycle. For the CI/CD I am using Jenkins and Github action, for the deployment of application into container orchestration I am using Kubernetes, for system configuration I am using ansible and terraform for building infrastructure automation.

Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC): is a standard follow by an organization, it is a process or culture  used by the software industry to design, develop, and test in order to deliver high quality product. Example of E-Commerce
Planning/requirementsdefiningdesigning(High Level Design/Low Level Design)=system has to be scalable, HABuildingtestingDeploy.
As devops engineer your main focus will be improving and automating “Building, testing and deployment” of the application :
     Building: developer write the application code based on their favourite language using the designing document then push the code to common location = Source Code Repository (Github)
         Testing: Application stored in Git is deployed in the server. We have Quality Assurance engineer take care of testing the software
                  Deployment: After testing, application is promoted to production for customer
Devops engineer will ensure all those three process is completed quickly in automated way.
In order to complete the project we will use Agile module by taking in short sprint. Each sprint is a completion of each steps of process.
